The first step is to check the availability of the requested amount in the account.
The second step deducts the amount from the account if the amount is available and then updates the account balance.
The third step is to write the money withdrawing operation in the log file. This step writes about the transaction is either successful or failed. If successful, write the data modification in the database. Otherwise, the transaction will be rolled back into its previous state.basic principle behind transactions is that if one of the statements returns an error, the entire set of changes is rolled back to ensure data integrity. And if the transactions become successful, all changes will be permanent on the database. Hence, if there is a power outage or other issues when withdrawing money from an ATM, transactions guarantee that our balance remains consistent. A transaction statement best performs these operations because the transaction's four key properties make all operations more accurate and consistent. The transaction's four properties are referred to as ACID.This example will use the banking database system to explain the concept of a transaction. Suppose a bank customer wants to withdraw money from their account by using ATM mode. The ATM can achieve this operation in the three steps:transaction in SQL Server is a sequential group of statements or queries to perform single or multiple tasks in a database. Each transaction may have single read, write, update, or delete operations or a combination of all these operations. Each transaction must happen two things in SQL Server:

Either all modification is successful when the transaction is committed.
Or, all modifications are undone when the transaction is rollback.
A transaction cannot be successful until all of the operations in the set are completed. It means that if any argument fails, the transaction operation will fail. Each transaction begins with the first executable SQL statement and ends when it finds a commit or rollback, either explicitly or implicitly. It uses the COMMIT or ROLLBACK statements explicitly, as well as implicitly when a DDL statement is used.MySQL Stored Procedure. A procedure (often called a stored procedure) is a collection of pre-compiled SQL statements stored inside the database. It is a subroutine or a subprogram in the regular computing language. A procedure always contains a name, parameter lists, and SQL statements.How to quickly undo a Windows update
Open Windows Settings (Windows key + i)
Select Update & Security.
Select Recovery from the left hand menu.
Under Go back to the previous version of Windows 10, click Get Started.
In the pop-up dialog box, select the reason for rollback and then click Next.Add a transaction and try statement before and after the update statement.
BEGIN TRY.
BEGIN TRANSACTION.
Select/update/delete.
COMMIT TRANSACTION.
END TRY.
BEGIN CATCH.
ROLLBACK TRANSACTION.
-- Consider logging the error and then re-raise.By setting XACT_ABORT to ON and we can rollback all the statements inside a transaction when an error occurred. Thus, let's rewrite the code again in this manner. It will also roll back the transaction when the error occurred in the third statement.Create a simple stored procedure. DELIMITER ; To create the MySQL Stored Procedure, open the MySQL workbench Connect to the MySQL Database copy-paste the code in the query editor window click on Execute. You can view the procedure under stored procedures.The ROLLBACK statement is the inverse of the COMMIT statement. It undoes some or all database changes made during the current transaction. For more information, see "Overview of Transaction Processing in PL/SQL". The SQL ROLLBACK statement can be embedded as static SQL in PL/SQL.The ROLLBACK statement is the inverse of the COMMIT statement. It undoes some or all database changes made during the current transaction. For more information, see "Overview of Transaction Processing in PL/SQL". The SQL ROLLBACK statement can be embedded as static SQL in PL/SQL.A COMMIT statement in a stored procedure closes cursors that are not declared WITH HOLD and leaves open those cursors that are declared WITH HOLD. The effect of COMMIT or ROLLBACK on cursors applies to cursors that are declared in the calling application and to cursors that are declared in the stored procedure.The COMMIT command is the transactional command used to save changes invoked by a transaction to the database. The COMMIT command saves all the transactions to the database since the last COMMIT or ROLLBACK command. The syntax for the COMMIT command is as follows. COMMIT; Example.Marks the end of a successful implicit or explicit transaction. If @@TRANCOUNT is 1, COMMIT TRANSACTION makes all data modifications since the start of the transaction a permanent part of the database, frees the transaction's resources, and decrements @@TRANCOUNT to 0.Purpose. Use the COMMIT statement to end your current transaction and make permanent all changes performed in the transaction. A transaction is a sequence of SQL statements that Oracle Database treats as a single unit. This statement also erases all savepoints in the transaction and releases transaction locks.Using SQL Server Management Studio
In Object Explorer, connect to an instance of Database Engine and then expand that instance.
Expand Databases, expand the AdventureWorks2012 database, and then expand Programmability.
Right-click Stored Procedures, and then click New Stored Procedure.
